my top five best tips when cooking with
chocolate is always buy the best
chocolate you can afford really also
another tip is percentages on chocolate
don't go for a too high percentage of
cocoa so it's purely the fact that it
becomes too bitter and you can't eat it
when cooking with white chocolate double
the amount of white chocolate is
normally used because otherwise your
chocolate makes you warm set and never
really use milk chocolate in cooking but
if you are going to use it offsetting
with it sort of dark chocolate as well
but great ingredients to flavor
chocolate or ingredients like anise seed
fennel no sir chili